- nerds welcome to another episode of
rule byung with me Ken and today we're
making sweet ricotta grilled cheese it's
gonna be quick and it's gonna be pretty
delicious so here's what you need first
things first we're gonna mix our coconut
sugar and every pot together so sugar
and we're gonna microwave it for about
30 seconds fun fact about this recipe
our friend Susie actually developed this
recipe and she made the rollup version
of the recipe before and I'm making a
grilled cheese version because it was so
delicious and I was Susie if you're
watching this being perfect so now I
have heated up the ricotta and you could
see coconut sugar is turning into
coconut caramel mix that
so we decided there are speed to make
your own ricotta cheese design should be
a down in the description below so go
ahead and check that out and now we are
set aside and we are gonna butter or
buds because yes we're gonna take our
butter a tablespoon of butter here
butter that bonds
all right so it's time to put it
together whatever make sure in it this
is this must be so easy but it's so
delicious make sure you put here on the
non buttered side not on the buttered
side because we're gonna grill it like a
grilled cheese sandwich so with the
butter now outside it's gonna get all
like crusty and buttery it's gonna be
delicious and to that we're gonna add a
little bit more other than sugar and
we're gonna seal it and we're gonna
grill it let's go to Greece the
it's nice and hot drop it
here alright go to cutting board let's
go oh my god she did that give that
beautiful nice
joyful nice
happy dance oh my god it's so that I
love you thought of cheese because I
love like white pizza so automatically
you think A+ for me and the nice little
browning of the sugar on top
yes yeah and ricotta cheese is one of
those things that you can eat savory or
sweet I'm up in mmm hey nerds so I hope
you liked the recipe let me know in the
comments below if you liked it or not
and also tell me what your favorite kind
of grim cheese's because
this is one of my favorite ones and
again thank you to all my patreon so you
guys are amazing parts hearts all around
come on you guys are awesome and please
check out the other video which was the
Cheetos nachos and that's for you I'll
see you guys soon
happy Nami